

Riley M

Feb 8, 2024
The characters are so annoying for me



Jason B

Feb 8, 2024
It's overall kind of forced but still focused on topics like immigrants and family relationships until the end, without dragging the story for too long, so it's not that bad.



Lars N

Feb 8, 2024
Pixars best in a loooong time



Luis I

Feb 8, 2024
Es una bella pelicula que aborda perfectamente lo que se siente ser un adolecente dandole un estilo fantasioso y anime que lo hace muy llamativo a la vista, tiene una trama y unos personajes entrañables y uno de los soundtracks mas frescos y originales que alla podido hacer Pixar. Una puta obra maestra



D F

Feb 8, 2024
nice emotional, connected me to both my inner self that i at times try/tried to push away, and my parenting self, and my children



Michael G

Feb 8, 2024
Annoying main characters, an annoying plot with annoying songs, and Nickelodeon-quality animation, all of which transformed me into the superhero known as the Incredibly Irritated Couch Potato.



Paul H

Feb 7, 2024
Just w**k, boring, garbage movie.



Thorsten P

Feb 7, 2024
Very boring, unfunny and one-sided movie.



KL K

Feb 7, 2024
Not painfully awful but Pixar has definitely lost its mojo. This was much more like every other silly animated children's movie and not much of the smart inventiveness of the old Pixar films.



Drew B

Feb 7, 2024
Red is a new take for a Disney film and provides a good amount of entertainment, it shows a child looking to find one's self in their family dynamic. The kids will love it with it's color and decent but upbeat soundtrack, however; parents will often struggle to see if the proper lessons were presented in this film. It is a good watch and will watch again, just not my favorite Disney movie.



Violeta E

Feb 6, 2024
Guion valiente!, explora el tema del cambio hormonal en las adolescentes desde un punto de vista original y muy divertido.



Kevin M

Feb 6, 2024
so good and interesting. This is so fresh and warms up my heart watching this. The storyline is meh, but i liked the unique characters and how everything developed over the movie.



Paul C

Feb 5, 2024
I love Turning Red(2022) because it's got some of the most compelling themes and risktaking out of any and every Disney/Pixar films taken yesterday, today, and tomorrow!!



Destiny B

Feb 5, 2024
Super cute, definitely got the cringing preteen right. Wholesome story.



Alysha S

Feb 5, 2024
The animation is strong and the premise of dealing with female puberty is equally strong. The worldbuilding and film overall isn't as innovative as the first wave of films produced by Pixar. However, that can't be held against Turning Red.



Alex S

Feb 4, 2024
Disgusting waste of time.



Estuard F

Feb 4, 2024
Disney se sabe adaptar y espero que no pierda su toque



NoneOfYour B

Feb 3, 2024
Unwatchable. Don't expose your kids to this drek




Feb 3, 2024
Quite laughable that they are trying anything in their bag to generate income that they will rerelease this heaping pile of garbage 3 years after its initial release.



Leiya F

Feb 2, 2024
Turning Red was really good and all ages would enjoy. It has a very meaningful theme throughout the movie and it was really funny. It is a blessing to say that my 40 year old dad smiled and laughed throughout the story.


Jake S
Feb 2, 2024
The movie was great I love the real action and adventure plus the introduction to girls periods and it was so good thought it was real life


Robert H
Feb 1, 2024
You've got to be kidding.


Jackson H
Jan 31, 2024
While a lot parents might find this movie insulting, Turning Red has all of emotional scenes that will give Pixar Fans just what they want.


Hope L
Jan 31, 2024
Chaos. Pure chaos. Love-Hate relationship.


Caedmon F
Jan 31, 2024
What on earth is this? Like seriously, what.


Joseph S
Jan 31, 2024
This is the worst CGI kids movie EVER! The movie is centered around a preteen girl who gets her period...So, it left me feeling something between gross and bored. Luckly, it failed at the box office and most likely a movie like this will never be made again


Songer K
Jan 31, 2024
I didn't really get to finish this, but it was funny.


Bryan M
Jan 30, 2024
This movie is actually really good surprisingly.


Mark W
Jan 29, 2024
Pixar has definitely lacked direction over the years. What once was a pinnacle of high quality, original stories had now become mediocre. This tale wasn't terrible, but definitely not up to previous fare from a once great company.


Mikey M
Jan 29, 2024
Irresponsible message for children, and like Disney in recent years, the quality has been expense of writers acrivism


Julian l
Jan 27, 2024
this movie is so good I am pretty interested to watch in cinema in singapore this has alot of emotion and how mei has to get use of her panda and it is better than encanto


Jan 26, 2024
No stars, this movie was garbage. Like a lot of other stuff from Disney. This is from someone who loves Disney. This movie was annoying & it goes to show that the quality of movies has gone down drastically.


Michael D
Jan 20, 2024
The movie itself has some appeal with the animation, and some humor on growing up as a teenage girl in a strict Asian family. It is meant to be relatable to awkward teenage girls. But the entire plot revolves around the protagonist being able to turn into a red panda, and then uses said power to make money by charging people to take pictures of her. Her family is dismayed at this, and her disobedience in general, but eventually comes to term with her being able to make her own decisions, and uses her to generate money for the family. It has ups and downs, but ultimately holds a weird message.


McKay S
Jan 19, 2024
Why does anyone enjoy this movie? The basic plot doesn't make sense, and it's obvious to anyone above the age of 10 that the random transformations into a giant red panda, are just a terrible cover-up to make a story about puberty family friendly. I would recommend to anyone who wants clinical depression.


Dashi C
Jan 19, 2024
The characters made me cringe so much


carolina d
Jan 15, 2024
Lindamente animado, e com uma linda lição com que muitos vão se identificar, Turning Red é imperfeitamente maravilhoso e encantador.


Kai K
Jan 15, 2024
Can we not do better? Really? There are some truly touching stories told by Disney/Pixar, both new (but mostly) old, and this is what we're left with? I'm not asking for an instant classic like Pulp Fiction or something from a Pixar film, but I at the bare minimum want to enjoy the film. I couldn't finish it, it took 2 viewing sessions and by the end of the second one I had to turn it off. This is not art, it is simply unbearable. Well animated though, but that's all it has going for it.


Glen A
Jan 7, 2024
I can only assume "Turning Red" would appeal to 13 year old girls. All I know is that it did nothing for me.


Maddie M
Jan 1, 2024
This movie was a huge disappointment. It had so much potential, and yet Pixar ruined it. It's basically a cringy, unnecessary movie with 0 morals and maybe the dumbest mother-daughter bond I have ever seen. Mei is a stupid sicko that cries too much and the mom is an overprotective snob that has severe separation anxiety. I also hate all the boy and puberty talk. Mei should be detained for the mentally unstable. This is the dumbest movie. The only thing I like is the animation style. Such a waste of a movie.


Ben 3
Dec 31, 2023
How far Pixar has fallen. From aspirational and dynamic stories. To a little girl wanting to shake her thang. Annoying voices, bad example behavior for children and to top it off, dialog that reads like the side of a cereal box.







